Glossary
========

Fill it in when you find the meaning of a new word you don’t know to
help others.

.. glossary::

  Aerobatic
    Described as the easiest way to deploy and manage your static HTML
    website straight from Bitbucket.

  `Bitbucket <https://bitbucket.org/>`_
    Bitbucket is a web-based hosting service for projects that use Git
    revision control systems.

    Used to store the source code(?).

  CD
    `Continuous delivery <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuous_delivery>`_

  CI
    `Continuous integration <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuous_integration>`_


  Swagger
    An API reference for the backend, also available in the bottom right corner in Cosmoz debug

*Bower*

| A package manager for the web. Used to keep frontend components up to
  date.
| Uses git among others to fetch items.
| `*https://bower.io/* <https://bower.io/>`__

*Git*

Git is a version control system (VCS) for tracking changes in computer
files and

| coordinating work on those files among multiple people. Used to manage
  the source code.
| `*https://git-scm.com/* <https://git-scm.com/>`__
| *GitHub*

| GitHub is a web-based Git repository hosting service.
| `*https://github.com/* <https://github.com/>`__
| *Gulp*

| **\ Also called gulp.js, described as an automated task runner.
| Used as the web server.
| `*http://gulpjs.com/* <http://gulpjs.com/>`__
| *I18next*

i18next is a popular internationalization library for browser or any
other javascript

environment (eg. node.js).

*Polymer*

Polymer is an open-source JavaScript library for building web
applications

using web components. Filling in missing and upcoming web components
funtionality and

| acting like a framework.
| `*https://www.polymer-project.org/* <https://www.polymer-project.org/>`__

| *Redmine*
| A flexible project management web application. Used for issue
  tracking. 

| `*https://redmine.neovici.se/* <https://redmine.neovici.se/>`__
| *Repo slug*

A repository slug is a URL-friendly version of a repository name,
automatically generated by

Bitbucket for use in the URL. For example, if your repository name was
'føøbar', in the URL it

would become 'foobar'. Similarly, 'foo bar' would become 'foo-bar'.

*Slack*

A cloud-based team collaboration tool currently in use. Previously
Trello was used.

`*https://neovici.slack.com/* <https://neovici.slack.com/>`__



mode.

`*https://cz3demowebapp-beta.azurewebsites.net/swagger/ui/index#/* <https://cz3demowebapp-beta.azurewebsites.net/swagger/ui/index#/>`__

*Travis-CI*

Travis CI is a hosted, distributed continuous integration service used
to build and

| test software projects hosted at GitHub. Used to test the code(?).
| https://travis-ci.org/

*Vulcanize/vulcanization*

To combine all the **web components** needed into one dependent file.
*vulcanize* is a tool for

crushing an HTML Import file and its dependent HTML Imports into one
file.


